doc: Enhance rule documentation (#50)
salesforce/eslint-plugin-lwc: docs/rules/no-unknown-wire-adapters.md

## Disallow usage of unknown wire adapters (no-unknown-wire-adapters)

> It can be used to ensure that all wired properties are statically analyzable in order to support use cases such as prefetching and offline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To support use cases such as prefetching and offline, all wired properties must be statically analyzable, which means that all wire adapters must be known.
```
